now I am very pleased then when you have
the player like Christian mass player
and yes we are very happy with the way
please with a with our squad we don't
expect many change for the nexus one is
possible some player we had but normally
change because the last season the club
made a big investment and we we have
unbelievable squad always we need to
improve we need to improve a little bay
and some player is possible that we add
but no many change we should you plank
the same message what do you think if
we're is tiny to improve in order to
balance of the league they see a lot of
thing is more about the stabilizing with
some some really good games and we have
some really bad games a thing is more
yeah getting more of the good games and
being more more stable and again gets
from some points again against the big
teams less you we were not get good
against the big teams but yeah we did
well against all the other teams
hopefully we'll do it well I can show
the middle but also the big teams what
what did he perform against of all so
forth I don't know I think we just some
of the games because we got beaten
pretty pretty bad so maybe it's
something you took with you for for the
next game but in the beginning of em you
don't think about it but when you're
three or four no down of course you're
you joined one hour make a big mess but
we did Christian you got a chance to see
much major league soccer can you see it
in English I haven't seen that much no
and um in England i'm watching dating
study any savings TV anyways i'm not
watching
what did you think did the seattle game
the opposition wasn't what you expected
yeah i think it's a was a pretty good
game I think were also better than
I expected it's two strikers did a
pretty well a nice job so it was a
promise I was a exciting game for
another variety advantages is really do
patients Tyler need to be taken bit from
I've taken bit some all of them you know
the good and the bad and then you're
kind of even the players that you play
alongside and then you kind of put it
all together and you put your own DNA
hopefully on your on on your coaching
philosophy or your team but you know my
time at Tottenham I you know under Harry
and all who you know I'm just stuff they
also had you know the Gareth Bale's Luka
Modric's and all that that you just
learned so much just watching such you
know elite world-class players you know
so you learn so much from everywhere you
go from whoever you're with and and
hopefully you kind of put it all
together and then kind of throw out your
DNA and and that's what I'm trying to do
here at roller breezier what's what's
the hardest part of it or like this
going from Seattle always yes this is
not this for us because we are in the
middle our preseason but we understand
the club is a big club they need to to
come here for different thing and we try
to adapt our precision
the sports I on the commercial side and
to try to adapt but we are we're happy
because the other was unbelievable
facilities in Toronto the same and
respect in Chicago the same retain
synonym no we are you are for the moment
at the moment happy with the Buddha to
reach over your plans for Erik Lamela
entity I don't I don't talk about the
individual player I I believe that the
all player are in my in my plan and
after with day performance may make a
easy my my shop another my my choice
they need to show me for after I I
choose him but no only Lamela or player
in the squad